Add support pages for new TLDs (#1903)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/domains-wien.md

---
title: .WIEN Domains
excerpt: This article explains the requirements and special procedures for .WIEN domain names.
meta: Register .WIEN domains with DNSimple. Registrants must maintain a nexus to Vienna.
categories:
- TLDs
---

# .WIEN Domain Names

* TOC
{:toc}

---

This article explains the requirements and special procedures for .WIEN domain names.

## Registering a .WIEN domain {#registering}

The registrant must show an economic, cultural, tourist, historical, social, or similar affinity with Vienna.

> The registry does not perform upfront verification during registration, but eligibility can be challenged later through dispute resolution.

Reviewer: registry that might challenge them?

Author: https://www.nic.wien/de

> The registry does not perform upfront verification during registration, but eligibility can be challenged later through dispute resolution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The registry does not perform upfront verification during registration. However, eligibility can be reviewed later through the registry's [Eligibility Requirements Dispute Resolution Policy](https://www.nic.wien/wien/policies/de/20140219_erdrp-regeln_de_v1.pdf).
```

> The registry does not perform upfront verification during registration, but eligibility can be challenged later through dispute resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [registry](https://www.nic.wien/de) does not perform upfront verification during registration, but eligibility can be challenged later through dispute resolution.
```

Author: ✅

## Reserved and premium names {#reserved}

> Some names are reserved by the registry and require a registry-issued auth code.

Reviewer 2: What error will the customer see when trying to register a reserved name?

Author: This was an oversight, I've removed this.
